
# Roadmap Recap: Q1 2022

Roadmap Recap: Q1 2022

### What we have accomplished, and what’s ahead of us.

Earlier this year, we unveiled our [roadmap for 2022](https://blog.hifi.finance/unveiling-the-2022-wagmi-roadmap-4a3e8cc6f1d5). It’s now time for us to look back at what we have accomplished and delivered during this first quarter, and what will be coming next in the second quarter of this year.

## **What We Achieved in Q1**

We successfully delivered on 3 of the 4 points highlighted in the roadmap, these include the release of governance, the launch of our NFT collection marketing campaign, and the updates around our lending protocol. The only item we’re still working to finalize is the Liquid NFT Prototype.

### **MFT Governance**

Governance is now live, and there has already been a ton of activity on the [Hifi Forum](https://forum.hifi.finance). In the next few days, HIP 1 will go live on [Snapshot](https://vote.hifi.finance), allowing MFT holders to vote on the proposal. If the vote passes, HIP 1 will be the first proposal in Hifi’s history to be adopted by the community.

After the token-swap, the Hifi DAO will be transitioning to the Compound Governance Model, where token-holders can either directly vote on proposals or delegate their votes to other token-holders. This means the governance system will transition from a [direct democracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct_democracy) to a [liquid democracy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liquid_democracy).

### **NFT Collection**

While it’s true that the actual NFT collection hasn’t launched yet, we have started the marketing campaign. We expect it to increase in intensity as we approach the mint phase of the collection.

We have invested a lot of time, money and effort in this project, and since the start of it our marketing team has grown from 4 people to 8 people with additional contractors. Our hope is that this collection will help us demonstrate the capabilities of our future NFT lending protocol, and kickstart a new phase of growth for the Hifi ecosystem.

### **Lending Protocol Updates**

The first Hifi Improvement Proposal (HIP) [is now live on the Hifi Forum](https://forum.hifi.finance/t/hifi-improvement-proposal-hip-1/107) and contains the lending protocol updates we have been working on during the past few months.

These updates include several architectural changes in the protocol to improve the user experience, a change of license to protect the Hifi DAO from unauthorized forks, and a fix for a low-severity bug.

## **What’s Coming Up in Q2 — Q3**

The second and third quarter of this year is going to be great, we have a lot coming up including the token-swap and the new token-economics, a set of updates for our liquidation bot, and finally, the release of a prototype version of our Liquid NFT protocol.

### **Liquidation Bot Updates**

Just like we did with the lending protocol, we will be updating the liquidation bot to make the protocol safer and more efficient. The liquidator bot is a key piece of our protocol, as it ensures that bad collateral gets liquidated, guaranteeing the stability of the protocol.

### **NFT Collection**

We already launched the marketing campaign and we will be launching the collection itself during Q2. Please note that given the mint date depends on the traction our marketing campaign gets, the actual launch date of the collection may vary and may be delayed to the third quarter of this year.

### **Liquid NFT Prototype**

We will be launching the prototype of our Liquid NFT protocol in Q2, as we were not able to launch it in Q1 of 2022.

Liquid NFT is an NFT liquidity protocol that provides the liquidity and price feed necessary for fixed-rate borrowing against NFTs. Our NFT collection will be the first test case.

### **Token-swap and Token-economics**

It’s been a very long time since we started talking about the token-swap, too much time. It’s time to actually get it done.

Depending on the scope of the token-economics, we will be releasing a proposal either in Q2 or Q3 of this year with a set of new token-economics to the community. If this proposal successfully passes, the token-swap will take place and MFT will be transitioning to the new HIFI token.

## **Conclusion**

While we haven’t been able to deliver on everything we had planned for Q1 just yet, it’s been a very exciting quarter, and we look forward to the second quarter of this year. The token-swap, the Liquid NFT prototype and the liquidation bot updates will collectively mark a major milestone in Hifi’s history.

Join the conversation in[ Discord](https://discord.com/invite/mhtSRz6) and[ Twitter](https://twitter.com/hififinance) and help us redefine an industry.


Source: https://blog.hifi.finance/roadmap-recap-q1-2022-3c0079e39d05
